---
title: Battlefield
subtitle: battlefield
image: "https://ssb.wiki.gallery/images/thumb/8/86/SSBU-Battlefield.png/800px-SSBU-Battlefield.png"
alt: 

caption:
  title: BF
  subtitle: 
  thumbnail: "https://ssb.wiki.gallery/images/a/ae/BattlefieldIconSSBU.png"
---
Most of the info here applies to Small and Large Battlefield
### Eclipse Cycle
Not a day/night cycle. If you want to remove this cycle, you'll want to edit the stdat file located in the param folder. Each entry under `color_correction_entries` changes the color grading of the stage. If you delete all but one entry that corresponds to the lighting you want to use, it will never change.
### Shadows
You might notice that the main ring is called `ring_nocastshadow_set`, this is because Battlefield is one of the few stages that uses a separate model folder for the main mesh, and a shadow mesh. A shadow mesh is a less complicated mesh that is used to cast shadows. You'll see this on stages whose main ring is separated into several different models (Battlefield has models for the ring, plants and water. Hollow Bastion has models for the ring and pipes. Pirate Ship has models for the ship, cannon, flag). This means that the folders ring_* don't actually cast a shadow. This is important to note for the platforms. `floating_plate_set` does not cast a shadow, but `floating_plate_sub_set` has a shadow mesh and casts a shadow! The main ring, in Battlefield's cast, doesn't need a shadow mesh.
### Porting BF mods to SBF
Luckily, the motion and model folders are all named the same. However, the main difference between SBF and BF are the platforms. For `floating_plate_set`, you will need to edit the mesh in Blender to remove the top platform. I recommend not including `floating_plate_sub_set` in your mod folder, but if you want to have more accurate shadows, you can create your own shadow mesh in Blender. Simply create a mesh, export it to the sub_set folder, and assign the mesh the one, and only, material in that sub_set folder.
