---
title: Spiral Mountain
subtitle: buddy_spiral
image: "https://ssb.wiki.gallery/images/thumb/1/13/SSBU-Spiral_Mountain.jpg/800px-SSBU-Spiral_Mountain.jpg"
alt:

caption:
  title: SM
  subtitle: 
  thumbnail: "https://ssb.wiki.gallery/images/c/cc/SpiralMountainIconSSBU.png"
---
# The Spinning Effect
This is quite the stage! Want to know how the spinning effect works? Well, there's some motion files associated with "cliffs". These actually animate the LVD vertices! Each key-frame corresponds to a degree. You should be able to use an empty (but valid) numatb file to get rid of the spinning effect.
# LVD File
The LVD file cannot be modified with yamlvd unfortunately, but you can use a hex editor or studioSB.
There's a few extra item spawners that actually don't spawn items. These are the locations that a given platform will move to. These are often denoted by stop+the degree of the mountain. I do believe some of these platforms might ignore these spawners, or perhaps reference them but have an internal offset (Floor50's item spawners are towards the center of the stage, even though platforms spawn on the outer edges of the stage)
# Stage Parameters
Not all of these have been decoded, but here's some rough notes that I took when making my mod:
- 0x271382c8b2-0x27964c94ba: 0d platforms: First number controls speed. Second number controls interval (time at which it returns) First set controls the left side, second the right side
- 0x26bdb5921f->0x2c85369465: Changes the exit speed for most platforms
- 0x2c85369465: frame to switch from exiting to entering?
- floor_entry_frame: 180->1800 (greatly slowed down platform entrances)
- floor_interval affects the platform set at 0d, but not 50d
- 0x19d560ce33 (320->3200): affects platforms at 180, 0 (right) (vertical leaving ones?)
- 0x1b81748d99 (480->4800): exit frame. affects platforms at 160,320  (are these horizontal leaving ones?)
- startpoint_stay_frame: (affects when the start floor leaves. is overridden during hazards on. Set to NaN and this makes hazards off platforms stay forever)