---
title: Garreg Mach Monastery
subtitle: fe_shrine
image: "https://ssb.wiki.gallery/images/thumb/c/c7/SSBU-Garreg_Mach_Monastery.jpg/800px-SSBU-Garreg_Mach_Monastery.jpg"
alt: 

caption:
  title: GM
  subtitle: 
  thumbnail: "https://ssb.wiki.gallery/images/0/08/GarregMachMonasteryIconSSBU.png"
---
# Hazards On/Off
Hazards Off forces the stage to load everything in the **Church** scene (sometimes referred to as `cathedral` within stdat files). Hazards Off also loads the platforms that move in and out during the church scene. Also note that this means that lvd `shrine_03` will load on startup for Hazards Off, as oppose to 00. This can be used to create two different layouts based on the hazards toggle.
# Visual Stdat
Like most unique DLC stages, this contains a visual stdat file that lets you control whether models are active/inactive based on the scene. A select few models that are not apart of the list might be visible regardless of the current scene. Guests positions are randomized through both the `positions_list` and the `locations_list`. Positions is an array of random locations in pairs of three (one for each character, additional characters will stay at 0,0). Each location is denoted as "(scene)(id)" (ie m01 for market01). The yRotation, as well as the vector of a given location can be changed via `locations_list`.
Guests can be added to the list (by default, only 3 appear per scene), however adding multiples might cause the hazards off version to not load any characters at all.
# LVDS
Collision groups should not be removed from the LVDs, lest you want the stage to crash on load up. Collision groups can be added,however! There is also a parameter in the visual file that controls which lvd to load for which scene, so you are able to load cathedral's lvd, despite the game internally thinking you are in the market scene.